Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT, NON-COMMERCIAL USE ONLY, LICENSE

 

"IBCheck" Copyright (c) 2017, The Regents of the University of
California, through Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (subject to receipt of
any required approvals from the U.S. Dept. of Energy).  All rights reserved.

 

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

 

(1) Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

 

(2) Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

 

(3) Neither the name of the University of California, Lawrence Berkeley National
Laboratory, U.S. Dept. of Energy nor the names of its contributors may be used
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission.

 

(4) Use of the software, in source or binary form is for research & development,
NON-COMMERCIAL USE, purposes ONLY. All commercial use rights for the software
are hereby reserved. A separate commercial use license is available from
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.

(5) In the event you create any bug fixes, patches, upgrades, updates,
modifications, derivative works or enhancements to the source code or binary
code of the software ("Enhancements") you hereby grant The Regents of the
University of California and the U.S. Government a paid-up, non-exclusive,
irrevocable, worldwide license in the Enhancements to reproduce, prepare
derivative works, distribute copies to the public, perform publicly and display
publicly, and to permit others to do so.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

 *** Copyright Notice ***

"IBCheck" Copyright (c) 2017, The Regents of the University of
California, through Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (subject to receipt of
any required approvals from the U.S. Dept. of Energy).  All rights reserved.

If you have questions about your rights to use or distribute this software,
please contact Berkeley Lab's Innovation & Partnerships Office at IPO@lbl.gov.

NOTICE: This Software was developed under Contract No. DE-AC02-05CH11231 with
the Department of Energy. For five years from the date permission to assert
copyright is obtained from the U.S. Department of Energy, the Government is
granted for itself and others acting on its behalf a nonexclusive, paid-up,
irrevocable, worldwide license in the Software to reproduce, prepare derivative
works, and perform publicly and display publicly, by or on behalf of the
Government. There is a provision for the possible extension of the term of this
license. Subsequent to that period or any extension granted, the Government is
granted for itself and others acting on its behalf a nonexclusive, paid-up,
irrevocable, worldwide license in the Software to reproduce, prepare derivative
works, distribute copies to the public, perform publicly and display publicly,
and to permit others to do so. The specific term of the license can be
identified by inquiry made to Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory or DOE.
Neither the United States nor the United States Department of Energy, nor any of
their employees, makes any warranty, express or implied, or assumes any legal
liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any
data, apparatus, product, or process disclosed, or represents that its use would
not infringe privately owned rights.

****************************
